Included the secrets sync disable_strict_networking parameter in the important notes documentation (#840)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/docs/updates/important-changes.mdx

Send check-in requests directly to the active node of the primary cluster to
prevent duplicate password rotations on the LDAP server.

> ### Secrets Sync SSRF Protection May Block Private Endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Secrets sync SSRF protection may block private endpoints ((#ssrf-block-endpoint)
```
Edited to match 1.19.x pattern

> As of version 1.17.3, Vault's Secrets Sync includes additional Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) protection measures. This security enhancement prevents sync operations to certain IP ranges by introducing a new SSRF-safe HTTP client. The client specifically blocks requests to private IP ranges (such as 10.0.0.0/8), which affects users accessing cloud provider secret stores through private endpoints.
> 
> Impact:
> 
> Secrets Sync operations to private IP ranges will be blocked
> Affects all destinations when accessed via private endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) protection measures in Vault secrets sync
introduced a new SSRF-safe HTTP client that prevents sync operations to certain
IP ranges. The client specifically blocks requests to private IP ranges
(such as 10.0.0.0/8), including requests that access cloud provider secret
stores through private endpoints.

As a result, Vault blocks secrets sync operations to private IP ranges for all
destinations when accessed through private endpoints.
```
Edited to match 1.19.x pattern

Example error message:

`couldn't sync secret with store: failed to publish event: dial tcp [IP]: prohibited IP address: [IP] is not a permitted destination (denied by: 10.0.0.0/8)`

> In Vault 1.19.x and newer the [disable_strict_networking](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/system/secrets-sync#disable_strict_networking) configuration parameter has been added, which allows disabling both the IP address and port number restrictions used by the SSRF-safe sync clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Recommendation

If you use private endpoints to sync secrets, set the
[`disable_strict_networking`](/vault/api-docs/system/secrets-sync#disable_strict_networking)
secret sync configuration parameter to `true` to disable IP address and port number restrictions
used by the SSRF-safe sync clients.
```
Edited to follow the pattern for 1.19
